docs(common): Show how to treat license warnings as errors (#2885)
telerik/blazor-docs: deployment/ci-cd-license-key.md

1. Go to the [License Keys page](https://www.telerik.com/account/your-licenses/license-keys) in your Telerik account and download your license key.
1. Set an environment variable with either of the following names:
    * `TELERIK_LICENSE`&mdash;the value must be the Telerik license key string.
    * `TELERIK_LICENSE_PATH`&mdash;the value must be the full path to the license key file, including the license file name itself. `TELERIK_LICENSE_PATH` requires `Telerik.Licensing` version `1.4.9` and above. You can use it with Telerik UI for Blazor `8.1.0` and above.

> 1. (optional) [Fail the build and deployment](#abort-deployment-on-license-key-error) if there is an issue with the license key.

Reviewer: Isn't it expected that the next release will do this anyway? Shouldn't the build fail if there is an issue with the license key? Right now, there is no requirement to fail the build, as no watermarks are enforced, and with the next release, the build will fail anyway if there is a license issue. So why do you need this section?

Author: Depending on the license type, there are cases when the build will complete successfully.

        dotnet publish BlazorProjectName.csproj -c Release -o /app/publish /p:UseAppHost=false
    ````

## Abort Deployment on License Key Error

> To avoid accidental [license watermarks and notifications on your live site](slug:installation-license-key#will-telerik-ui-for-blazor-work-with-an-expired-license-key), you can fail the application build and abort deployment when there is an issue with the license key. Add a `<WarningsAsErrors>` tag to the project file(s) and include the desired [Telerik license warning codes](slug:troubleshooting-license-key-errors#error-messages):

Author: ```suggestion
To avoid accidental [license watermarks and notifications on your live site](slug:installation-license-key#will-telerik-ui-for-blazor-work-with-an-expired-license-key), you can fail the application build and abort deployment when there is an issue with the license key. [Add a `<WarningsAsErrors>` tag](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/compiler-options/errors-warnings#warningsaserrors-and-warningsnotaserrors) to the project file(s) and include the desired [Telerik license warning codes](slug:troubleshooting-license-key-errors#error-messages):
```

        dotnet publish BlazorProjectName.csproj -c Release -o /app/publish /p:UseAppHost=false
    ````

## Abort Deployment on License Key Error

> To avoid accidental [license watermarks and notifications on your live site](slug:installation-license-key#will-telerik-ui-for-blazor-work-with-an-expired-license-key), you can fail the application build and abort deployment when there is an issue with the license key. There are two ways to list the [Telerik license warning codes](slug:troubleshooting-license-key-errors#error-messages) to be treated as errors:

Author: ```suggestion
To avoid accidental [license watermarks and notifications on your live site](slug:installation-license-key#will-telerik-ui-for-blazor-work-with-an-expired-license-key), you can fail the application build and abort deployment when there is an issue with the license key. There are two alternative ways to list the [Telerik license warning codes](slug:troubleshooting-license-key-errors#error-messages) to be treated as errors:
```

> To avoid accidental [license watermarks and notifications on your live site](slug:installation-license-key#will-telerik-ui-for-blazor-work-with-an-expired-license-key), you can fail the application build and abort deployment when there is an issue with the license key. There are two ways to list the [Telerik license warning codes](slug:troubleshooting-license-key-errors#error-messages) that should be treated as errors:

Author: ```suggestion
To avoid accidental [license watermarks and notifications on your live site](slug:installation-license-key#will-telerik-ui-for-blazor-work-with-an-expired-license-key), you can fail the application build and abort deployment when there is an issue with the license key. There are two ways to list the [Telerik license warning codes](slug:troubleshooting-license-key-errors#error-messages) to be treated as errors:
```

> * [Add a `<WarningsAsErrors>` tag to the `.csproj` project file(s)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/compiler-options/errors-warnings#warningsaserrors-and-warningsnotaserrors):

Author: ```suggestion
* [Add a `<WarningsAsErrors>` tag](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/compiler-options/errors-warnings#warningsaserrors-and-warningsnotaserrors) to the `.csproj` project file:
```

    ````XML.skip-repl
    <PropertyGroup>
        <TargetFramework>net8.0</TargetFramework>
        <Nullable>enable</Nullable>
        <ImplicitUsings>enable</ImplicitUsings>
        <WarningsAsErrors>TKL001;TKL002;TKL003;TKL004;TKL101;TKL102;TKL103;TKL104;TKL105</WarningsAsErrors>
    </PropertyGroup>
    ````

> * [Set the `-warnaserror` switch when using the .NET CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/msbuild/msbuild-command-line-reference?view=vs-2022#switches):

Author: ```suggestion
* [Set the `-warnaserror` switch](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/msbuild/msbuild-command-line-reference?view=vs-2022#switches) when building with the .NET CLI:
```

> * [Set the `-warnaserror` switch](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/msbuild/msbuild-command-line-reference?view=vs-2022#switches) when building with the .NET CLI:

Author: ```suggestion
* [Set the `-warnaserror` MSBuild switch](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/msbuild/msbuild-command-line-reference?view=vs-2022#switches) in the `dotnet build` command:
```
